•	how do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
It is imperative that the final produced code that may be seen by others be neat/clean, well maintained and well documented in such a manner that anyone might be able to continue building upon the foundation that you have built. It is always important to follow coding etiquette. Due to the nature of object-oriented program, it is also quite imperative to produce code that is reusable in the future. For example, the CRUD file that was produced for this class was used almost exclusively to connect to and pull data from the AAC database in mongo dB but this same shell of a code could easily be retrofitted to work with any database needed for a project, it could be expanded upon and could easily be reused by others for similar projects.  
•	How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
I have to say that this program was a complete nightmare for me but I suppose it ended on a good note because I believe that it turned out fairly well. I have never worked with dash previously and my python experience was limited to saying hello world in a console, which definitely set up some hurdles in the beginning. The best I could do was to list out and create a type of pseudocode detailing each requirement before even touching Jupyter Notebook. I then did my best to create code that followed all guidelines of coding etiquette but unfortunately it wasn’t one of my best blocks due to the nature of having to learn many concepts on the fly through trial and error. Ultimately though, I learned quite a bit from this assignment which excites me a great deal. 
•	What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
In essence a computer scientist is one who solves problems using computer technology. They are the ones who have developed many things hardware and software that has completely changed the world in a way that takes even the smallest burdens away from daily life and they continue to do so on a daily basis. Overall this work is some of the most important in the world as technology can save lives, improve work proficiency and ultimately provide for a better world. With respect to a company such as Grazioso Salvare, by creating a program that can easily analyze and graph data as well as filter data by simply clicking a button, they will be able to do their jobs way more effectively and efficiently without added headache. 

